Parent Page: [[Awareness]], [[Sneak]]
### Stealth [[Out of Combat]]

Stealth uses a player's [[Sneak]] [[Skill Test]] to see how effectively they can move through a scenario without detection. Once the player draws their [[Sneak]] [[Skill Test]], they note the resulting number of successes until they exit stealth. As they move while in stealth, they will presumably move passed other actors that they want to remain undetected by. Whenever a player does something while sneaking, if an actor would normally be able to see or hear the action you do one of 2 things. 

If the actor is **Unaware** of the player then the actor makes an [[Observation]] [[Skill Test]]. If it is equal to or greater than the player's [[Sneak]] [[Skill Test]] they become **Alert**.

An **Alert** actor makes an [[Observation]] [[Skill Test]], but if they succeed at a level equal to the player's [[Sneak]] [[Skill Test]] then the player decrements a success from their [[Sneak]] [[Skill Test]] until they reach 0 successes remaining at which time any actors near the player become **Aware**.

A player can recover a success to their [[Sneak]] [[Skill Test]]  by having an actor go from **Alert** to **Unaware**. This can be done by quietly eliminating the actor, shaking their suspicion, disguising yourself as an ally, or any other method that might diffuse their suspicion according to the [[Maker]]

Keep in mind that players may do things that can stand out to actors trying to detect them. If ever the player does something that would reasonably be detected, the actor becomes **alert**. The [[Maker]] should use their discretion to decide whether the player is reasonably hidden, based on light, [[Cover]], and other factors. If there is nothing visibly keeping the player from being discovered, such as light or [[Cover]], then the actor is alert to the player.

### Stealth in [[Combat]]
Stealth in [[Combat]] operates a bit differently because we start off with the assumption that the actors are already **aware** of the player, therefore the player must have adequate conditions to stealth. In order to enter stealth the player must have [[Full Cover]] from enemies that would want to see them. Once that happens, the player must move at least 15ft away from their previous position for actors to become **alert** instead of **aware**. Once actors are **alert** rather than **aware**, the player may make a [[Sneak]] [[Skill Test]]. For every action the player takes while in stealth they decrement a success from their original [[Sneak]] [[Skill Test]]. Actors may also use the [[Attempt a Skill Test]] action to use [[Observation]] to find the player. If the [[Observation]] [[Skill Test]] has equal to or more successes the player decrements a success. Once the player moves into line of sight of a hostile actor, takes the [[Fire a weapon]] action, or attacks another actor in some way, all actors become **aware** of their presence and they are no longer in stealth. If the number of successes for their [[Sneak]] [[Skill Test]] reaches 0 all actors become **aware** of their presence. If an **alert** actor ever makes an [[Observation]] [[Skill Test]] that is higher than the [[Sneak]] [[Skill Test]] total then that actor becomes **Aware** of the player's presence. Whenever a player takes an [[Actions | Action]] while stealthing in combat, other actors cannot use Reflex Actions in response to their actions.